At the orphanage, a young boy sits alone in the sandbox, grappling with amnesia
resulting from the psychological trauma of his past. He appears tender,
wide-eyed, emotionally fragile, skinny, and meek, and remains motionless as
other children converse in the distance. Their words seem garbled and
disconnected, as if uttered by someone with a mental illness. Despite the
passage of time, the boy lingers there unmoved even as the other children depart
from the playground. Suddenly, three cats approach him and a white one rub
against his leg. Initially ignoring them, the boy eventually lifts his chin up
and nods in response to one of the cats asking him if he wants to see his
mother. In the next moment, the boy collapses.

(The scene opens to a farmhouse. Livestock roam the fields,and all seems at
peace. A middle aged woman steps outside the front door into the sunny daylight)

Mother: Vallon! Meeku! Come inside, it's dinner time!

(The scene pans to a field further out in the pasture. Two young boys wielding
sticks hinder their duel and bow to one another. They walk together to the
house.)

(Dinner)

Mother: Did you boys finish feeding the cows?

Boys: Yes Mother.

Mother: And did you finish stacking the hay?

Boys: Yes Mother.

Mother: Good, because you won't have time to do any of that tomorrow with the
work load i have for you tomorrow...

(Vallon, the eldest boy drops his head to the table.)

Mother: Oh Vallon, toughen up. If you boys want to be soldiers one day, you have
to get use to manual labor. Now sit tight, and I'll go get dessert. (Mother
exits to the kitchen)

Vallon: (quietly) Stacking hay isn't going to make a difference in the
battlefield...

Meeku: That's not true! You throw me around pretty good when we practice...
that's because of the haying.

Vallon: No, that's because you're a tiny! (Vallon ruffles his younger brothers
hair playfully.)

(Mother reenters)

Mother: Vallon, leave your brother alone. (she sets the plates down and sits at
the table. They sit in silence for a bit)

Meeku: (Looking at the plaque holding his fathers sword) Mom?

Mother: Yes, sweetie?

Meeku:... Was Dad a good soldier?

Mother: (laughs) Your father was a great soldier. There wasn't a commander in
the army that didn't wish they could have been your father at his age.
Especially with such a trophy wife...

Meeku: (groans) Mom...

Mother: I suppose that's where the two of you get it. It must run in the genes.

Vallon: What does?

Mother: Forget it. Maybe when you're older.

Vallon: You mean when HE'S older. (Vallon flashes a look at Meeku)

Mother: Don't be in such a hurry to grow up so soon, you two. You're still my
boys for right now,and I have no intention of letting you go anywhere just yet.

Vallon: I guess so...

Mother: You're darn right you do. (She smiles and walks over to the two of them)

Mother: Now goon and get to bed. There are chores to be done bright and early.
(kisses them goodnight)
