(Seven Years Later) (the scene opens to the same farm. Nothing visual has
changed, until the scene pans once more. Vallon and Meeku are seen in the same
pasture as before, but they are both older now. The two are dueling once more,
however their skills have improved noticeably. They duel at a much quicker pace
and much more aggressively. They seem to be evenly matched until Vallon leaps
over Meeku. He trips him from behind, grabs one of his legs,and then throws him.
Meeku lands several feet away, stands up and brushes himself off.)

Meeku: I thought we said no tripping!

Vallon: In battle, you have to be prepared for anything. The rules don't apply
to the enemy.

Meeku: I think I understand... (Meeku lashes out at Vallon unexpectedly, but his
attempt is in vain as Vallon parries his attack and knocks Meeku back down to
the ground.)

Vallon: (laughing) Now that's the spirit! But even if you catch the enemy with
his pants down, there's always room for error, and error will get you killed.

Mother: Vallon! Meeku! Come inside, It's dinner time!

Vallon: (sighs) Wonder if we'll have chicken and rice again...

Meeku: I hope so. It's my favorite...

Vallon: Gee, I wonder why she cooks it? (Vallon flashes a smile to Meeku and
ruffles his hair)

Vallon: Let's go.

(Dinner. All the members sit in the same seats as before.)

Mother: Did you boys finish your chores?

Vallon: Don't we always?

Mother: No need for the attitude, sweetie.

Vallon: I'm sorry, it must be all this rice and chicken in my system. Years of
it must have had some serious side effects on me.

Mother: When you cook, you can decide what we eat. What has gotten into you
lately?

Vallon: Nothing... I've just been pretty tired lately. I'm actually going to
call it a night. (Vallon walks over to his Mother and kisses her on the cheek)

Vallon: Night..

Mother: I love you too, sweetheart. (Vallon exits)

Meeku: (stuffing his face) I have noticed he's been a little... funny.

Mother: He won't talk to me anymore. I don't know what else to do... (Mother
begins weeping softly.)

Meeku: Mom... (Meeku walks over to his mother)

Meeku: You just need to let Val grow up, that's all.

Mother: (laughs) Whoever thought I would hear that from you. (Mother wipes her
eyes)

Meeku: You go on to bed. I'll take care of the dishes.

Mother: No, Meeku. I can handle some dishes.

Meeku: I don't care what you can handle. You need rest just as much as anybody
here.

Mother: (laughing) Well, aren't you just the man in charge? All right, I
suppose. (mother gets up)

Mother: Just consider this training for when I'm old and gray, and you boys will
have to take care of me... (Mother exits, Meeku begins to do the dishes, scene
fades) (scene opens to darkness, where a faint tapping noise can be heard. The
scene slowly comes into focus of Meeku and Vallon's dark room. Meeku awakes and
stumbles to the window just in time to see the pebble bounce off from the glass.
He opens it and looks down to see Vallon. He glances over and sees Vallon's bed
empty)

Meeku: (yawning) Aren't you supposed to throw rocks at other peoples windows?

Vallon: Shut up and meet me in the pasture.

Meeku: I thought you were tired?

Vallon: I am... tired of you asking questions. Now get out here.

(Meeku reluctantly goes to his dresser and grabs his stick. He heads out to the
pasture, but is still to asleep to see that Vallon has hidden behind him)

Vallon: Wake up! (Meeku spins and blocks just in time to parry Vallon's attack.
Vallon begins to circle Meeku)

Meeku: What the hell are you doing?

Vallon: The enemy can strike at anytime. If I was trying to actually kill you,
you would have been dead once you stepped out of the house.

Meeku: (rubbing his eyes) Yeah, well, you're not trying to kill me.

Vallon: (chuckles) Who said? (Vallon charges at Meeku and attacks him viciously.
Meeku has all he can to fend off the blows.

Vallon: Come on, little brother! I can't protect you forever! (Vallon spins and
stops a blow right before Meeku's left arm.)

Vallon: (sighs)

Meeku: (panting) You... left... an opening. (Vallon looks down and sees that
Meeku has the end of his stick resting right before his chest. Vallon turns away
from him for a moment, and then lets out a chuckle.)

Vallon: Good. That was all I needed.

Meeku: What was?

Vallon:...

Meeku: Val?

Vallon: Meeku...

Meeku: What?

Vallon: I can't do this anymore. Everyday is exactly the same. Chores, practice,
rice and chicken. Chores, practice, rice and chicken. I can't live like this.

Meeku: Vallon, we don't know a thing about the outside world. Where will you go?

Vallon: I do know one thing. A decade of combat training has to amount to
something, so I'll go the one place i can test that.

Meeku: Wait, you're thinking of leaving aren't you?

Vallon: It's all we've talked about since we were kids.

Meeku: Yeah, because we were kids. It was a dream, but that's all it can be.
Val, the farm needs you.. Mom needs us...

Vallon: That's what I was checking. I could never forgive myself if something
happened because I wasn't here to defend Mother. Luckily, she got the next best
thing, huh? (Vallon ruffles Meeku's hair)

Meeku: I won't let you leave...

Vallon: I'd hate to have to leave you a bloody mess for Mom to deal with in the
morning.

Meeku:...

Vallon: That's what I thought. Now, I've all ready left a letter for Mother
telling her everything. It will be in your best interest to act like you don't
know a thing. She's going to hide from you where I'm really going, so expect
that.

Meeku: Why would she do that?

Vallon: To protect you. She doesn't need the both of you worrying about me.
(laughs) There's still chores to be done. Meeku I'm leaving it up to you to
protect the farm while I'm gone. Do you understand?

Meeku: (quietly) Yeah...

Vallon: I didn't catch that soldier!

Meeku: (a little louder) Yes sir...

Vallon: There's the little brother I trained! (Vallon hugs Meeku)

Vallon: You keep up the training, and you'll do just fine. (Vallon turns and
exits into the woods)

Meeku: I'll... do my best...
